I would challenge every one of you and
everybody online,
I love you, I haven't forgot about you,
that if you were to go
through this application and
start looking it like,
where am I starting to see patterns,
these repeating patterns within the test?
What does that pattern mean?
When I look at the services and
the state management and
the different things,
where are these patterns emerging?
And when you understand the patterns,
then you can apply it to other
things in meaningful ways.
So does anybody here,
somebody last thought,
know what a 12-bars blues progression is,
right?
That if you've ever listened to blues,
it's just one of the most,
like I can hear it a mile away.
Is that I don't have to
understand exactly every
note that they're playing,
to know what they're doing,
is that because it is
a conventional pattern and
a form of kind of structured
musical expression
that I don't even need to
know what key they're in.
I just know that if they start
on the one or the tonic,
then in four measures they're going
to the four, then back to the one,
then the five then the fourth and the one.
And if you know how to listen for
that 12-bar blues progression,
you'll start to hear everywhere.
One of my favorite songs,
I think one of my favorite blues songs,
is What Did I Say by Ray Charles, and
it's got this little funky Rhodes piece.
It's 12-bar blues and it's awesome,
but that's what he built it on.
Is he took something that's
incredibly simplistic and
built something amazing on it.
And in a way, this is what I hope
that we've accomplished today,
is that we start thinking
about simple basic
patterns very much like
a 12-bar blues scale.
And we use that to create
amazing things and
express ourselves in code to not
only make a difference in our lives,
the companies that we work for, but
ultimately the people that we love and
care for, and that's why,
at least, I program.
And so, this concludes our journey
into Enterprise Angular apps.
I would say, at least for this iteration,
I definitely recommend checking out
the Companion site and continue to check
out everything that's on Frontend Masters.
But just to quickly summarize
what we've learned and
where we've gone and where we're going.
We talked about Angular development
in the context of the enterprise.
And to clarify, that enterprise does not
necessarily mean advanced or complicated.
What it does mean is that you're
developing at scale which informs your
decisions about how you organize your code
and your projects, so that a large amount
of people can consume your applications
and a large team can work on them.
And so with that said,
we led off with domain-driven design, and
just understanding the domain that
is absolutely critical that you
have an API contract in place.
Then we talked about monorepos and
how to organize your projects in a way
that there's cohesion without coupling.
And then we discussed micro frontends and
how you can use a host
application to load in a number of
remote applications, which is really,
it's really kinda changed the game
about how we can upgrade legacy apps,
how we can introduce new features
into existing applications.
And it's very, very exciting stuff.
And from there we talked
about reactive architecture,
state management, unit testing,
end-to-end testing, and
measuring kind of performance and
how to do that, and then deployment.
The goal of this entire arch is so
that you have
the tools in a playbook to
conceptualize a feature and
then turn that into an entire application,
and
how to organize that, how to do it.
And so I think everything that we've done
here is the things that I use every day,
and I believe that you can
apply these techniques and
possibly go make a billion dollars,
and I support you in that endeavor.
But thank you for being here,
thank you for learning with me.
It means the world to me that
you've spent this time with me.
And with that,
please go build awesome stuff.
>> [APPLAUSE]